verify/README.linux.md, before:

[![RetailOps SDK](http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/530512/Image/logo.png)](http://retailops.com)

### RetailOps SDK
----

Self-verify your RetailOps integration with this SDK.

 1. Follow the prerequisite steps below
 2. Download the `Verify Service` release for your operating system here: [RetailOps SDK Releases Page](https://github.com/gudTECH/retailops-sdk/releases)
 3. Unzip downloaded file
 4. Use terminal and enter unzipped directory (e.g., `verify_linux_v0.0.6`)
 5. Start the example server application

    ```
    cd retailops-asp-dotnet-api-example
    dnu restore
    dnx web
    ```

    The example web server should now be running on http://0.0.0.0:5000 .

 6. From another terminal run the `verify` utility:

    ```
    $ ./verify -schema-path schema/schemata/
    11 TESTS TO BE GENERATED
    [[ TRUNCATED OUTPUT ]]
    ```

 7. When ready for certification with RetailOps

    ```
    $ ./verify -api-key $API_KEY -base-url http://www.example.com/api/channel certify
    remote certification was a success
    ```

Managing Your Integration Auth Key
---

The integration auth key is used to confirm data is coming from RetailOps. This key must be kept secret and must be checked on every request from RetailOps. A bad integration auth key value must result in a HTTP 401. The integration auth key is a long, random string you will generate using the verify tool.

The verify tool helps manage this key. By default it is stored in your `$HOME/.retailops/` folder. When collaborating with other developers you may need to share and install this key.

To generate a new key, required for every service:

```
$ ./verify generate-auth-key
$ ./verify show-auth-key
==== INTEGRATION AUTH KEY BELOW ====
dDkma7W9zA/Nd7r3AUcEI/9MA9KWg+Uc
==== INTEGRATION AUTH KEY DONE ====
```

To install a different auth key, setting it to whatever value you choose:

```
$ ./verify install-auth-key FOOBARBAZ
$ ./verify show-auth-key
==== INTEGRATION AUTH KEY BELOW ====
FOOBARBAZ
==== INTEGRATION AUTH KEY DONE ====
```

Note: the integration auth key generated here is only for certification of a production service. The local verification will use the the integration_auth_key "RETAILOPS_SDK" and you should reject all other values.

Linux Prerequisites
---

Install the .NET runtime for Linux:

```
sudo apt-get install unzip curl libcurl3-gnutls libcurl3-gnutls
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aspnet/Home/dev/dnvminstall.sh | DNX_BRANCH=dev sh && source ~/.dnx/dnvm/dnvm.sh
sudo apt-get install libunwind8 gettext libssl-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev zlib1g libicu-dev uuid-dev
dnvm upgrade -r coreclr
```

Install libUV for the .NET web server
```
sudo apt-get install build-essential automake libtool
curl -LO https://github.com/libuv/libuv/archive/v1.9.1.tar.gz
tar xzf v1.9.1.tar.gz
cd libuv-1.9.1/
sh autogen.sh
./configure
make
sudo make install
sudo ldconfig
```

Your environment is now setup. You can follow the instructions from the top of this README.

Commit message:

moving certification instructions to new file

verify/README.linux.md, after:

[![RetailOps SDK](http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/530512/Image/logo.png)](http://retailops.com)

### RetailOps SDK
----

Self-verify your RetailOps integration with this SDK.

 1. Follow the [prerequisite](#linux-prerequisites) steps below
 2. Download the `Verify Service` release for your operating system here: [RetailOps SDK Releases Page](https://github.com/gudTECH/retailops-sdk/releases)
 3. Unzip downloaded file
 4. Use terminal and enter unzipped directory (e.g., `verify_linux_v0.0.6`)
 5. Start the example server application

    ```
    cd retailops-asp-dotnet-api-example
    dnu restore
    dnx web
    ```

    The example web server should now be running on http://0.0.0.0:5000.

    **Note: the example application is provided for testing purposes only, and is not a production application.
    Do not attempt to use it in place of writing your own channel integration, it exists to help set up and test
    the verifier tool, and to provide a suggested starting point for .NET developers. It returns hard-coded JSON
    responses for testing the verifier tool and does not implement any required integration logic, or authentication.**      

 6. From another terminal run the `verify` utility:

    ```
    $ ./verify -schema-path schema/schemata/
    11 TESTS TO BE GENERATED
    [[ TRUNCATED OUTPUT ]]
    ```

 7. After you have completely developed your channel integration, and have successfully used the verifier tool to
 test that your integration is operating correctly, you are ready to attempt certification
 with RetailOps.

 Follow the instructions here: [Certifying Your RetailOps SDK Channel Integration](https://github.com/gudTECH/retailops-sdk/blob/master/verify/CERTIFY_README.md)

Managing Your Integration Auth Key
---

The integration auth key is used to confirm data is coming from RetailOps. This key must be kept secret and must be checked on every request from RetailOps. A bad integration auth key value must result in a HTTP 401. The integration auth key is a long, random string you will generate using the verify tool.

The verify tool helps manage this key. By default it is stored in your `$HOME/.retailops/` folder. When collaborating with other developers you may need to share and install this key.

To generate a new key, required for every service:

```
$ ./verify generate-auth-key
$ ./verify show-auth-key
==== INTEGRATION AUTH KEY BELOW ====
dDkma7W9zA/Nd7r3AUcEI/9MA9KWg+Uc
==== INTEGRATION AUTH KEY DONE ====
```

To install a different auth key, setting it to whatever value you choose:

```
$ ./verify install-auth-key FOOBARBAZ
$ ./verify show-auth-key
==== INTEGRATION AUTH KEY BELOW ====
FOOBARBAZ
==== INTEGRATION AUTH KEY DONE ====
```

Note: the integration auth key generated here is only for certification of a production service. The local verification will use the the integration_auth_key "RETAILOPS_SDK" and you should reject all other values.

Linux Prerequisites
---

Install the .NET runtime for Linux:

```
sudo apt-get install unzip curl libcurl3-gnutls libcurl3-gnutls
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aspnet/Home/dev/dnvminstall.sh | DNX_BRANCH=dev sh && source ~/.dnx/dnvm/dnvm.sh
sudo apt-get install libunwind8 gettext libssl-dev libcurl4-openssl-dev zlib1g libicu-dev uuid-dev
dnvm upgrade -r coreclr
```

Install libUV for the .NET web server
```
sudo apt-get install build-essential automake libtool
curl -LO https://github.com/libuv/libuv/archive/v1.9.1.tar.gz
tar xzf v1.9.1.tar.gz
cd libuv-1.9.1/
sh autogen.sh
./configure
make
sudo make install
sudo ldconfig
```

Your environment is now setup. You can follow the instructions from the top of this README.
